README.rst, before:

===========
S3 Uploader
===========

A simple S3 uploader written in Python.

Getting started
===============

System dependencies
-------------------

Being this a Python app, your machine must have a Python interpreter
(2.x or 3.x) and have the necessary dependencies to run the project in
a virtualenv.

AWS dependencies
----------------

The S3 uploader interfaces with...S3. For that reason, make sure you know
how to provision your AWS credentials to be able to have the asset uploader
to talk to S3.

Kicking the tires
-----------------

To execute the API service in a test environment, you can use tox. Before
doing that, remember to export the environment variables:

 * ``AWS_BUCKET``
 * ``AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID``
 * ``AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY``
 * ``AWS_REGION``

To run the service, execute the following command:

``tox -evenv service``

Then you can hit it with basic requests such as:

``curl http://localhost:5000/asset -X POST``

You run basic unit testing by doing (depending on your Python runtime):

``tox -epy35``

You can run pep8 validation with:

``tox -epep8``

You can unit test coverage with:

``tox -ecover``


Deployment considerations
-------------------------

To deploy in production, check out:

``http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/0.12/deploying/``

This application is designed to be multiprocess. For more details check out
the `modwsgi guide <http://modwsgi.readthedocs.io/en/develop/user-guides/processes-and-threading.html>`_ on
processes and threading.

Commit message:

Add Security oriented static analyser for python code.
Move a few things around.

README.rst, after:

===========
S3 Uploader
===========

A simple S3 uploader written in Python.

Getting started
===============

System dependencies
-------------------

Being this a Python app, your machine must have a Python interpreter
(2.x or 3.x) and have the necessary dependencies to run the project in
a virtualenv.

AWS dependencies
----------------

The S3 uploader interfaces with...S3. For that reason, make sure you know
how to provision your AWS credentials to be able to have the asset uploader
to talk to S3.

Kicking the tires
-----------------

To execute the API service in a test environment, you can use tox. Before
doing that, remember to export the environment variables:

 * ``AWS_BUCKET``
 * ``AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID``
 * ``AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY``
 * ``AWS_REGION``

To run the service, execute the following command:

``tox -evenv service``

Then you can hit it with basic requests such as:

``curl http://localhost:5000/asset -X POST``

You run basic unit testing by doing (depending on your Python runtime):

``tox -epy35``

You can run pep8 validation with:

``tox -epep8``

You can unit test coverage with:

``tox -ecover``

To look for potential security issues, run:

``tox -ebandit``


Deployment considerations
-------------------------

To deploy in production, check out:

``http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/0.12/deploying/``

This application is designed to be multiprocess. For more details check out
the `modwsgi guide <http://modwsgi.readthedocs.io/en/develop/user-guides/processes-and-threading.html>`_ on
processes and threading.
